[useMediaQuery] Add warning and docs for using `useMediaQuery('print')` (#44790)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/material/components/use-media-query/use-media-query.md

{{"demo": "SimpleMediaQuery.js", "defaultCodeOpen": true}}

> ⚠️ Using the query `'print'` to modify a printing document isn't recommended, as it may not accurately reflect re-rendering changes.

Reviewer: @mapache-salvaje Need your suggestion on this. Is it better to say that we don't support `"print"` instead of warning that it might not work?

Reviewer 2: Instead of an emoji, let's make this a proper warning callout. Here's what I would propose:

```suggestion
:::warning
Using the query `'print'` to modify a document for printing is not supported, as changes made in re-rendering may not be accurately reflected.
You can use the `sx` prop's `displayPrint` field for this purpose instead.
See [MUI System—Display](/system/display/) for more details.
:::
```
